I want to use MUD to build a local blockchain for debugging purposes and I prefer not to push it to a test blockchain. So, my idea is to run the MUD service directly on my machine. However, since MUD is based on TypeScript and the package dependencies vary across different systems, I came up with a solution. I plan to use the "`pnpm create mud@canary **`" command on the server to create a service and then only submit the modified contracts and TypeScript files to the code repository. When deploying the code on the server, I will copy the relevant code from the code repository to the folder generated by "`create`".

The synchronized scripts are located in the folder: 
```
packages/shell
```
We are working on a mobile app project, and I carefully reviewed the documentation and analyzed the code repository template, but couldn't find a solution. I attempted some debugging on my own, but couldn't achieve the desired outcome within the limited time. As a last resort, I resorted to the only approach that came to mind: using `Expres`s to create an API service that forwards requests to the MUD service. Since MUD's data is loaded asynchronously, I had to employ the headless browser package `Puppetee`r` within the API service to scrape data from MUD. I would appreciate it if MUD could provide a dedicated method for API usage in the future, or if such a method already exists, please clarify it in the documentation.

To start the service, execute the following command within the "create" folder:
```
pnpm run dev
```
To start the API service within the current code repository, execute the following command:
```
cd mudserver/packages/apiserver
node index.js
```